---
layout: post
title: "David Martinez, My Sixth Blog"
date: 2018-10-26
---

  Today is the end of our first marking period so instead of me telling you about what we have done this week I'm going to talk to you about what we have learned in computer science class so far. At the beginning we learned about the web and what made a website a website so that then would make one of our own and have it as a learning blog. We learned about how the web is a system of interlinked documents accesed via internet and that files like HTML, CSS, index.html, and main.css helped make websites. HTML stands for Hyper Text Markup Language which is the framework/structure of the website. CSS stands for cascading style sheet which is used to give website and style you want. index.html is a naming pattern expected by the computer for a home page which can opened by the HTML program. Main.css is a way to style your website by using the css program to open it. We then learned about the circle of evaluation and the importance of order especially in a contract. A contract is used when want the computer to do something for us in this case it was a website. Contracts were used so that we could tell the computer what to do and make sure it understands what we wanted it to do. We needed to use a lot of contracts in order for our website to be made and be seen the way we wanted it to be each contract had an important role to play in the making of our website the contracts either allowed us to put text in our website, add links to it so that you go to every one of my blogs, it's design, and make sure that our website is visible to others. We then learned about definitions meaning that we could give the contracts a name for the computer to know them as so that then we wouldn't have to keep rewriting the contract no matter how many times we would use them and instead we would use the name we gave the contract to make it easier for us. Next we then learned how proffesionals used pair programing to solve difficult problems two people are at the same computer one person(The Driver) would handle the keyboard/mouse and the other person (Navigator) would then tell the other person with the keyboard/mouse what to do and any mistakes that person may have made and no this person the Navigator can not touch the keybord/mouse no matter what they can touch the computer screen to point something out and tell the Driver what to do and that's it. After that we then used everything we had learned to have the computer make a flag for us we had to use a lot of shape contracts, the put-image contract so that we could put the shapes on top of each other, and the rotate contract which was used to well rotate/turn the shapes in the direction we wanted them to be. The flag I chose was the Puerto Rican Flag which was pretty diffucult to make since I had to make sure that eash shape I chose was in it's rightful place and the right size. Now we are going to learn how to make a video game with a partner kind of like pair programing. To make this video game we're going need to use what we've learned, learn about new contracts that can help us make our game, and we are probably going to need a lot of contracts and most likely a couple of pictures to bring our game to life.
